Add postgres major upgrade docs (#143)
vshn/appcat-user-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/vshn-managed/postgresql/major-upgrade.adoc

= PostgreSQL Major Version Upgrade

== Overview

> VSHNPostgreSQL supports major version upgrades up to the latest PostgreSQL 17.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VSHNPostgreSQL supports major version upgrades up to the latest available version.
```

I'd leave the version number out here, this will be outdated yesterday.

Author: true

[WARNING]
====
Carefully follow the steps below to avoid prolonged downtime or data loss.
====

== Preparing for the Upgrade
Major version upgrades carry risks, so before proceeding, ensure the following:

> . **Check Disk Space**: Although the upgrade process uses hard links for data migration, we recommend having at least double the free storage as a precaution.

Reviewer: How can I do that as end user? We need to describe that...

Author: Added another section at the bottom of the page.

. **Verify Extensions**: If your instance uses extensions, confirm they are available and compatible with the target PostgreSQL version. Check the https://stackgres.io/extensions/[StackGres Extensions] repository for compatibility.

> . **Backup Your Data**: Always create a fresh backup before starting the upgrade.

Reviewer: Create a link to a how to do a manual backup

> . **Review Configuration Changes**: If your current PostgreSQL configuration is incompatible with the new version, contact support before proceeding.

Reviewer: How can I as end user verify that?

Author: I rephrased this.

> . **Test the Upgrade**: Perform the upgrade in a test environment to validate the process before applying it to production.

Reviewer: How would I do that in the VSHNPostgreSQL context?

Author: I have to rephrase here maybe but the process is the same as described at the bottom of the page.

> == Limitations

Reviewer: Maybe add another limitation that progress currently can't be followed.

Author: yep

The following configurations are not supported for major version upgrades:

> * **HA Instances**: High availability (HA) instances must be scaled down to **1 replica** before proceeding.

Reviewer: Where does that restriction come from? Needs explanation imho

Author: Directly from Matteo from StackGres. They block it with the validating webhook and so do we. I disagree we have to add anything else here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **HA Instances**: High availability (HA) instances must be scaled down to **1 replica** before proceeding (limitation by the underlying StackGres).
```

Do we validate that when the user wants to upgrade in HA? What happens when I don't fully read (and understand) the docs and just start the upgrade of a HA cluster?

Author: Out validation webhook will block updating the `majorVersion` value from the claim.

Author: To be honest I am not sure if this is a limitation of Stackgres itself
